reportbug now has public CVS read access at:

http://cvs.alioth.debian.org/cgi-bin/cvsweb.cgi/reportbug/

--

Silly TODO list for 3.0 (possibly etch, depending on RM's mood):

1. Document reportbug.conf properly in a man page.

Silly TODO list for 4.0 (etch+1), in no particular order:

1. Convert the modules to a proper package and stick it in the Python
   search path (per #157079).  Reform the names.  Rename
   "reportbug.py" to something sensible.

   (Not sure of a good approach here.  Maybe we should have a class
   that carries around all the information for a bug report, and be
   able to do stuff like "report.get_debconf_settings()" and the like
   when we go talking to external tools like dpkg, debconf-show,
   debsums, etc.)

2. BTS management interface for developers.  You should be able to
   view the list of bug reports for a package, construct a list of
   actions, and produce one giant email to control@bugs.debian.org to
   do that.  Forwarding and merging, which both can be major PITAs,
   will be helpful.  (See #157283)

   ("devscripts" has the bts command.  This is hence a very low priority.)

3. i18n/l10n.

   (i18n/l10n with reportbug may not make much sense, since the
   reports have to be in English for most maintainers to understand
   them... unless we figure out some way to get bug reports translated
   for maintainers.)

4. Cajole the BTS maintainers into producing an XML serialization of
   the BTS data.  (See #184983)

5. Allow followups from the command line using a specific bug number,
   rather than requiring people to go through the browser.  Coupled
   with --query-only, this should allow me to drop querybts
   completely.  (See #223335)

6. Optionally display changelogs for new upstream versions.
   (See: #241552)  Better yet, show bugs fixed between current version
   installed first in the BTS browser.

7. Improve MUA code to allow arbitrary arguments to MUAs; see #271084.

8. Multiple BTS support (again), which probably means "Bugzilla
   support" for Ubuntu, etc.
